yeah we're lost in Maine here got some
wildlife out here not real sure what
those are I can't really see we'll see
you later
maybe you can't Panama this is just wild
actually see it real pretty coastline
it's hard to get to it here the briars
thistles and cliff all sorts of good
stuff
but anyway means might get look yours a
lot house over there yep we're going up
in it yep
you gonna break your neck today are you
sure I want to watch
I'll get this on film blood and guts
ratings
which way I'm going I'm will fall and
break my neck
trucks are quite interesting that's for
sure apparently it rat tired or
something gets underwater when you see
water standing no takers iron ore
whirring it too but look at this these
rocks
this is Pima quit point Emma quit
lighthouse
interesting what nature can create a
sailboat out there somewhere
right there she is another one out
for camera in the general direction zoom
and see if we can find it
right there it is they're decent with
that tripod that's a mile away I'd say
this rocks just weird it really is if I
want to see weed I'll bring you
something
oh those are barnacles seaweed
tomorrow's your kind of interesting that
I met that water is good and cold you
see the lobster cages you can see little
folks will foodies we're gonna call it
out there I don't know if I'm getting
any of them in the frame or not it's
hard to see outside you know
there's bunches of different colors
they say that the US and the Canadians
are fighting on lobster Nessie they're
selling out the back of their trucks to
$3 apiece
yep guess who's taking some Lobster home
one more view view of the lighthouse
it's pretty out here today and cool
weather's awesome ain't broke a sweat
yet climbing these rocks it's kind of
for wildlife
we found some wild love oh yeah
you're talking about fun
easy to crash and burn that's for sure
keep going through where was elevators
make 10:30 the lot keeper's house as you
can see there's lot there's the fog bail
look you see any of it or not trying to
walk on treacherous rock here says it's
cast somebody fall break my neck
back up you're in sequence e Henry
Hooper and company Boston yeah it's a
stick old bailiff for sure not real sure
if this thing still technically works I
don't think it does huh
I don't think it's all here anymore no
the little donkey things gone don't know
don't know how exactly it work of it
come out through there but yeah anyway
kind of an interesting little thing say
it's one of the few that remain that's a
white tower for the weights were they
operated it this little building kind of
weird